###Random Number Guesser Game:

###I made my head contain my link for the fonts, my title and my link to my css file.
###The html was pretty simple, aside from assigning multiple classes to my button for disabled statuses. 
###I had a header with my Number Guesser title. Uploaded a font, changed the weight of each wor's font in the title. Changed the color of each word respectively. 
###I then made a section that holds my 'entry' input field, my guess and clear button. I changed border radius for my buttons, changed the background color and font and color. I assigned two classes to all my buttons, one for active and one for disabled. I set my clear button to disabled as a default in html. This way the only way the clear button works is if there is any value in the entry inout.I changed the font size of my input field as well I made a placeholder in my input field to say "Enter your guess here".
###I created a min and max input and gave them a 'class' "values". The initial value i gave them is 1 and 100 respectively. 
###I made a new section 'your-guess' which hold my display for when you click the submit button. There are three divs in that section. Div 'your-number' will display what your last number was. Div 'number' will display the actual number you entered into the 'entry' input field. Div 'clue' will display your hint as to whether your guess was too high or too low.
###My last section'redo' is for the 'reset' button. I gave the 'reset' button the same class "clickme' as the guess and clear buttons. However I gave it the id of 'reset' so I could change the width. 
###At the end I made my link to my javascript file. This was throwing me off in th beginning. Until I was realized how the computer was reading my html file, from top to bottom and it was reading my javascript file before it knew what the javascript file was referencing. 
###In my js file. I created variables for all my elements that would need computation. After I had my variables, I started with my getRandom function, which generates a random number. 
###I then made my addEventListener for my guess button, I had to creat a variable inside the function letsPlay that was assigned the value of parseInt(yourGuess.value). (yourGuess is my element id 'entry'). This allows my input to be read as a number and not a string. In here I told my js file to display "your last guess was" every time the guess button was clicked. As well it would display the actual number entered into my 'entry' input field as a giant pink number. Then I assigned the value of my hint variable (assigned the value of div "clue") to "". This way it will display the string I want based on my conditionals. I made a lot of if and else if statements that would read your entry and compare it to my magicNumber. magicNumber is my randomly generated number every time. I started with if letsPlay is smaller than min variable or greater than my max variable, then the box display will read "ERROR" and my hint will read "Guess is outside of the parameters. Then followed a series of else if conditions that will give you the hint of too high if letsPlay is greater than magicNumber, or give you the hint of too low if letsPlay is less than the magicNumber. If letsPlay is equal (==) to my magicNumber, then the hint read "Boom!" I also added an alerto to tell you that you just won.
###I later added my minNum and maxNum variables that are assigned the value of my miNumTextBox.value and maxNumTextBox.value. That way in my random number generator instead of numerical data types I could use these variables as place holders. Since I had already set the default value of my min and max input fields to 1 and 100 respectively, the game automatically starts with those parametes of the random number generator.

###Moving on to the clear button I made the addEventListener to clear the entry field when clicked. I went back
